Remove bech32 PubKey support (#7477)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Client Breaking

* [\#7477](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7477) Changed Bech32 Public Key serialization in the client facing functionality (CLI, MsgServer, QueryServer):
  * updated the keyring display structure (it uses protobuf JSON serialization) - the output is more verbose.

>   * Renamed `MarshalAny` and `UnmarshalAny` to `MarshalIfc` and `UnmarshalIfc` respectively. These functions must take interface as a parameter (not a concrete type nor `Any` object). Underneeth they use `Any` wrapping for correct protobuf serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Renamed `MarshalAny` and `UnmarshalAny` to `MarshalInterface` and `UnmarshalInterface` respectively. These functions must take interface as a parameter (not a concrete type nor `Any` object). Underneeth they use `Any` wrapping for correct protobuf serialization.
```

### API Breaking

* (x/staking/types) [\#7447](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/7447) Remove bech32 PubKey support:
  * `ValidatorI` interface update. `GetConsPubKey` renamed to `TmConsPubKey` (consensus public key must be a tendermint key). `TmConsPubKey`, `GetConsAddr` methods return error.

>   * `Validator` update. Methods changed in `ValidatorI` (as described above) and `ToTmValidator` return error.

Reviewer: Can this be worded a bit more clearly?

Author: Updated.

### Client Breaking

* (x/staking) [\#7419](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7419) The `TmConsPubKey` method on ValidatorI has been removed and replaced instead by `ConsPubKey` (which returns a SDK `cryptotypes.PubKey`) and `TmConsPublicKey` (which returns a Tendermint proto PublicKey).
* [\#7477](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7477) Changed Bech32 Public Key serialization in the client facing functionality (CLI, MsgServer, QueryServer):
  * updated the keyring display structure (it uses protobuf JSON serialization) - the output is more verbose.

>   * Renamed `MarshalAny` and `UnmarshalAny` to `MarshalIfc` and `UnmarshalIfc` respectively. These functions must take interface as a parameter (not a concrete type nor `Any` object). Underneeth they use `Any` wrapping for correct protobuf serialization.

Author: Updated in other PR, which I'm preparing for Stargate.

* (x/bank) [\#8317](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/8317) Fix panic when querying for a not found client denomination metadata.

### Client Breaking

* [\#7477](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7477) Changed Bech32 Public Key serialization in the client facing functionality (CLI, MsgServer, QueryServer):
  * updated the keyring display structure (it uses protobuf JSON serialization) - the output is more verbose.
  * Renamed `MarshalAny` and `UnmarshalAny` to `MarshalInterface` and `UnmarshalInterface` respectively. These functions must take an interface as parameter (not a concrete type nor `Any` object). Underneath they use `Any` wrapping for correct protobuf serialization.
  * CLI: removed `--text` flag from `show-node-id` command; the text format for public keys is not used any more - instead we use ProtoJSON.

### API Breaking

> * (x/staking/types) [\#7447](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/7447) Remove bech32 PubKey support:

Reviewer 2: up
